Donald Trump: (02:44) The media will not show the magnitude of this
crowd. Even I, when I turned on today, I looked, and I saw thousands
of people here, but you don’t see hundreds of thousands of people
behind you because they don’t want to show that. We have hundreds
of thousands of people here, and I just want them to be recognized
by the fake news media. Turn your cameras please and show what’s
really happening out here because these people are not going to
take it any longer. They’re not going to take it any longer. Go
ahead. Turn your cameras, please. Would you show? They came from
all over the world, actually, but they came from all over our
country. I just really want to see what they do. I just want to see
how they covered. I’ve never seen anything like it. But it would
be really great if we could be covered fairly by the media. The
media is the biggest problem we have as far as I’m concerned, single
biggest problem, the fake news and the big tech. Big tech is now
coming into their own. We beat them four years ago. We surprised
them. We took them by surprise and this year, they rigged an election.
They rigged it like they’ve never rigged an election before. By the
way, last night, they didn’t do a bad job either, if you notice.
I’m honest. I just, again, I want to thank you. It’s just a great
honor to have this kind of crowd and to be before you. Hundreds of
thousands of American patriots are committed to the honesty of our
elections and the integrity of our glorious Republic. All of us
here today do not want to see our election victory stolen by
emboldened radical left Democrats, which is what they’re doing and
stolen by the fake news media. That’s what they’ve done and what
they’re doing. We will never give up. We will never concede, it
doesn’t happen. You don’t concede when there’s theft involved.

Donald Trump: (04:42) Our country has had enough. We will not take
it anymore and that’s what this is all about. To use a favorite
term that all of you people really came up with, we will stop the
steal. Today I will lay out just some of the evidence proving that
we won this election, and we won it by a landslide. This was not a
close election. I say sometimes jokingly, but there’s no joke about
it, I’ve been in two elections. I won them both and the second one,
I won much bigger than the first. Almost 75 million people voted
for our campaign, the most of any incumbent president by far in the
history of our country, 12 million more people than four years ago.
I was told by the real pollsters, we do have real pollsters. They
know that we were going to do well, and we were going to win. What
I was told, if I went from 63 million, which we had four years ago
to 66 million, there was no chance of losing. Well, we didn’t go
to 66. We went to 75 million and they say we lost. We didn’t lose.

Donald Trump: (06:08) By the way, does anybody believe that Joe had
80 million votes? Does anybody believe that? He had 80 million
computer votes. It’s a disgrace. There’s never been anything like
that. You could take third world countries. Just take a look, take
third world countries. Their elections are more honest than what
we’ve been going through in this country. It’s a disgrace. It’s a
disgrace. Even when you look at last night, they’re all running
around like chickens with their heads cut off with boxes. Nobody
knows what the hell is going on. There’s never been anything like
this. We will not let them silence your voices. We’re not going to
let it happen. Not going to let it happen.

Crowd: (07:11) Fight for Trump! Fight for Trump! Fight for Trump!

Donald Trump: (07:11)

Donald Trump: (08:09) I hope so. I hope so because if Mike Pence
does the right thing, we win the election. All he has to do. This
is from the number one or certainly one of the top constitutional
lawyers in our country. He has the absolute right to do it. We’re
supposed to protect our country, support our country, support our
constitution, and protect our constitution. States want to revote.
The States got defrauded. They were given false information. They
voted on it. Now they want to recertify. They want it back. All
Vice-President Pence has to do is send it back to the States to
recertify, and we become president, and you are the happiest people.

Donald Trump: (09:08) I just spoke to Mike. I said, “Mike, that
doesn’t take courage. What takes courage is to do nothing. That
takes courage,” and then we’re stuck with a president who lost the
election by a lot, and we have to live with that for four more
years. We’re just not going to let that happen. Many of you have
traveled from all across the nation to be here, and I want to thank
you for the extraordinary love. That’s what it is. There’s never
been a movement like this ever, ever for the extraordinary love for
this amazing country and this amazing movement. Thank you.

Crowd: (09:44) We love Trump! We love Trump! We love Trump!

Donald Trump: (09:59) By the way, this goes all the way back past
the Washington monument. Do you believe this? Look at this.
Unfortunately, they gave the press the prime seats. I can’t stand
that. No, but you look at that behind. I wish they’d flip those
cameras and look behind you. That is the most amazing sight. When
they make a mistake, you get to see it on television. Amazing,
amazing, all the way back. Don’t worry. We will not take the name
off the Washington monument. We will not. Cancel culture. They
wanted to get rid of the Jefferson Memorial, either take it down
or just put somebody else in there. I don’t think that’s going to
happen. It damn well better not. Although with this administration,
if this happens, it could happen. You’ll see some really bad things
happen.

Donald Trump: (10:54) They’ll knock out Lincoln too, by the way.
They’ve been taking his statue down, but then we signed a little
law. You hurt our monuments, you hurt our heroes, you go to jail
for 10 years and everything stopped. Did you notice that? It stopped.
It all stopped. They could use Rudy back in New York City. Rudy,
they could use you. Your city is going to hell. They want Rudy
Giuliani back in New York. We’ll get a little younger version of
Rudy. Is that okay, Rudy?

Donald Trump: (11:25) We’re gathered together in the heart of our
nation’s Capitol for one very, very basic and simple reason, to
save our democracy. Most candidates on election evening, and of
course this thing goes on so long, they still don’t have any idea
what the votes are. We still have congressional seats under review.
They have no idea. They’ve totally lost control. They’ve used the
pandemic as a way of defrauding the people in a proper election.
But when you see this and when you see what’s happening, number
one, they all say, “Sir, we’ll never let it happen again.” I said,
“That’s good, but what about eight weeks ago?” They try and get you
to go. They say, “Sir, in four years, you’re guaranteed.” I said,
“I’m not interested right now. Do me a favor, go back eight weeks.
I want to go back eight weeks. Let’s go back eight week.” We want
to go back, and we want to get this right because we’re going to
have somebody in there that should not be in there and our country
will be destroyed, and we’re not going to stand for that.

Donald Trump: (12:34) For years, Democrats have gotten away with
election fraud and weak Republicans, and that’s what they are.
There’s so many weak Republicans. We have great ones, Jim Jordan,
and some of these guys. They’re out there fighting the House. Guys
are fighting, but it’s incredible. Many of the Republicans, I helped
them get in. I helped them get elected. I helped Mitch get elected.
I could name 24 of them, let’s say. I won’t bore you with it, and
then all of a sudden you have something like this. It’s like, “Gee,
maybe I’ll talk to the president sometime later.” No, it’s amazing.
The weak Republicans, they’re pathetic Republicans and that’s what
happens. If this happened to the Democrats, there’d be hell all
over the country going on. There’d be hell all over the country.
But just remember this. You’re stronger, you’re smarter. You’ve got
more going than anybody, and they try and demean everybody having
to do with us, and you’re the real people. You’re the people that
built this nation. You’re not the people that tore down our nation.

Donald Trump: (13:45) The weak Republicans, and that’s it. I really
believe it. I think I’m going to use the term, the weak Republicans.
You got a lot of them, and you got a lot of great ones, but you got
a lot of weak ones. They’ve turned a blind eye even as Democrats
enacted policies that chipped away our jobs, weakened our military,
threw open our borders and put America last. Did you see the other
day where Joe Biden said, “I want to get rid of the America first
policy.” What’s that all about, get rid of …? How do you say, “I
want to get rid of America first?” Even if you’re going to do it,
don’t talk about it. Unbelievable, what we have to go through, what
we have to go through and you have to get your people to fight. If
they don’t fight, we have to primary the hell out of the ones that
don’t fight. You primary them. We’re going to let you know who they
are. I can already tell you, frankly.

Donald Trump: (14:39) But this year using the pretext of the China
virus and the scam of mail-in ballots, Democrats attempted the most
brazen and outrageous election theft. There’s never been anything
like this. It’s a pure theft in American history, everybody knows
it. That election, our election was over at 10:00 in the evening.
We’re leading Pennsylvania, Michigan, Georgia by hundreds of thousands
of votes, and then late in the evening or early in the morning,
boom, these explosions of and bullshit, and all of a sudden. All
of a sudden it started to happen.

Crowd: (15:25) [inaudible 00:15:25]

Donald Trump: (15:35) Don’t forget when Romney got beat. Romney. I
wonder if he enjoyed his flight in last night? But when Romney got
beaten, he stands up like you’re more typical. Well, I’d like to
congratulate the victor, the victor. Who was the victor, Mitt? I’d
like to congratulate. They don’t go and look at the facts. Now I
don’t know. He got slaughtered probably, maybe it was okay. Maybe
it was that’s what happened. But we look at the facts and our lecture
was so corrupt that in the history of this country, we’ve never
seen anything like it. You can go all the way back. America is
blessed with elections all over the world. They talk about our
elections. You know what the world says about us now? They said we
don’t have free and fair elections and you know what else? We don’t
have a free and fair press.

Donald Trump: (16:25) Our media is not free. It’s not fair. It
suppresses thought. It suppresses speech, and it’s become the enemy
of the people. It’s become the enemy of the people. It’s the biggest
problem we have in this country. No third world countries would
even attempt to do what we caught them doing and you’ll hear about
that in just a few minutes. Republicans are constantly fighting
like a boxer with his hands tied behind his back. It’s like a boxer,
and we want to be so nice. We want to be so respectful of everybody,
including bad people. We’re going to have to fight much harder and
Mike Pence is going to have to come through for us. If he doesn’t,
that will be a sad day for our country because you’re sworn to
uphold our constitution. Now it is up to Congress to confront this
egregious assault on our democracy. After this, we’re going to walk
down and I’ll be there with you. We’re going to walk down. We’re
going to walk down any one you want, but I think right here. We’re
going walk down to the Capitol, and we’re going to cheer on our
brave senators, and congressmen and women. We’re probably not going
to be cheering so much for some of them because you’ll never take
back our country with weakness. You have to show strength, and you
have to be strong.

Donald Trump: (18:16) We have come to demand that Congress do the
right thing and only count the electors who have been lawfully
slated, lawfully slated. I know that everyone here will soon be
marching over to the Capitol building to peacefully and patriotically
make your voices heard. Today we will see whether Republicans stand
strong for integrity of our elections, but whether or not they stand
strong for our country, our country. Our country has been under
siege for a long time, far longer than this four-year period. We’ve
set it on a much straighter course, a much … I thought four more
years. I thought it would be easy. We created-

Donald Trump: (19:03) Four more years, I thought it would be easy.
We created the greatest economy in history. We rebuilt our military.
We get you the biggest tax cuts in history. We got you the biggest
regulation cuts. There’s no President, whether it’s four years,
eight years, or in one case more, got anywhere near the regulation
cuts. It used to take 20 years to get a highway approved. now we’re
down to two. I want to get it down to one, but we’re down to two.
And it may get rejected for environmental or safety reasons, but
we got it down the safety. We created Space Force. Look at what we
did. Our military has been totally rebuilt. So we create Space
Force, which by in of itself is a major achievement for an
administration. And with us, it’s one of so many different things.

Donald Trump: (19:52) Right to try. Everybody know about right to
try. We did things that nobody ever thought possible. We took care
of our vets. Our vets, the VA now has the highest rating, 91%, the
highest rating that it’s had from the beginning, 91% approval rating.
Always you watch the VA, when it was on television. Every night
people living in a horrible, horrible manner. We got that done. We
got accountability done. We got it so that now in the VA, you don’t
have to wait for four weeks, six weeks, eight weeks, four months
to see a doctor. If you can’t get a doctor, you go outside you get
the doctor, you have them taken care of. And we pay the doctor. And
we’ve not only made life wonderful for so many people, we’ve saved
tremendous amounts of money, far secondarily, but we’ve saved a lot
of money.

Donald Trump: (20:49) And now we have the right to fire bad people
in the VA. We had 9000 people that treated our veterans horribly.
In primetime, they would not have treated our veterans badly. But
they treated our veterans horribly. And we have what’s called the
VA Accountability Act. And the accountability says if we see somebody
in there that doesn’t treat our vets well, or they steal, they rob,
they do things badly. We say, “Joe, you’re fired. Get out of here.”
Before you couldn’t do that. You couldn’t do that before.

Donald Trump: (21:24) So we’ve taken care of things. We’ve done
things like nobody’s ever thought possible. And that’s part of the
reason that many people don’t like us, because we’ve done too much,
but we’ve done it quickly. And we were going to sit home and watch
a big victory. And everybody had us down for a victory. It was going
to be great. And now we’re out here fighting. I said to somebody,
I was going to take a few days and relax after our big electoral
victory. Ten o’clock, it was over. But I was going to take a few
days.

Donald Trump: (21:52) And I can say this, since our election, I
believe, which was a catastrophe when I watch and even these guys
knew what happened, they know what happened. They’re saying, “Wow,
Pennsylvania’s insurmountable. Wow, Wisconsin, look at the big leads
we had.” Even though the press said we were going to lose Wisconsin
by 17 points. Even though the press said Ohio is going to be close,
we set a record. Florida’s going to be close, we set a record. Texas
is going to be close. Texas is going to be close, we set a record.
And we set a record with Hispanic, with the Black community. We set
a record with everybody.

Donald Trump: (22:36) Today, we see a very important event though,
because right over there, right there, we see the event going to
take place. And I’m going to be watching, because history is going
to be made. We’re going to see whether or not we have great and
courageous leaders or whether or not we have leaders that should
be ashamed of themselves throughout history, throughout eternity,
they’ll be ashamed. And you know what? If they do the wrong thing,
we should never ever forget that they did. Never forget. We should
never ever forget. With only three of the seven states in question,
we win the presidency of the United States.

Donald Trump: (23:21) And by the way, it’s much more important today
than it was 24 hours ago. Because I spoke to David Perdue, what a
great person, and Kelly Loeffler, two great people, but it was a
setup. And I said, “We have no back line anymore.” The only back
line, the only line of demarcation, the only line that we have is
the veto of the president of the United States. So this is now what
we’re doing, a far more important election than it was two days
ago.

Donald Trump: (23:59) I want to thank the more than 140 members of
the House. Those are warriors. They’re over there working like
you’ve never seen before, studying, talking, actually going all the
way back, studying the roots of the Constitution, because they know
we have the right to send a bad vote that was illegally got, they
gave these people bad things to vote for and they voted, because
what did they know? And then when they found out a few weeks later…
Again, it took them four years to devise history. And the only
unhappy person in the United States, single most unhappy, is Hillary
Clinton because she said, “Why didn’t you do this for me four years
ago? Why didn’t you do this for me four years ago? Change the votes!
10,000 in Michigan. You could have changed the whole thing!” But
she’s not too happy. You notice you don’t see her anymore. What
happened? Where is Hillary? Where is she?

Donald Trump: (24:57) But I want to thank all of those congressmen
and women. I also want to thank our 13 most courageous members of
the US Senate, Senator Ted Cruz, Senator Ron Johnson, Senator
Shadowless, Kelly Loeffler. And Kelly Loeffler, I’ll tell you, she’s
been so great. She works so hard. So let’s give her and David a
little special head, because it was rigged against them. Let’s give
her and David. Kelly Loeffler, David Perdue. They fought a good
race. They never had a shot. That equipment should never have been
allowed to be used, and I was telling these people don’t let them
use this stuff. Marsha Blackburn, terrific person. Mike Braun,
Indiana. Disinvested, great guy. Bill Hagerty, John Kennedy, James
Lankford, Cynthia Lummis. Tommy Tuberville, to the coach. And Roger
Marshall. We want to thank them, senators that stepped up, we want
to thank them.

Donald Trump: (26:04) I actually think though it takes, again, more
courage not to step up. And I think a lot of those people are going
to find that out, and you better start looking at your leadership
because the leadership has led you down the tubes. “We don’t want
to give $2000 to people. We want to give them $600.” Oh, great. How
does that play politically? Pretty good? And this has nothing to
do with politics. But how does it play politically? China destroyed
these people. We didn’t destroy. China destroyed them, totally
destroyed them. We want to give them $600, and they just wouldn’t
change. I said, “Give them $2000. We’ll pay it back. We’ll pay it
back fast. You already owe 26 trillion. Give them a couple of bucks.
Let them live. Give them a couple of bucks!”

Donald Trump: (26:57) And some of the people here disagree with me
on that. But I just say, look, you got to let people live. And how
does that play though? Okay, number one, it’s the right thing to
do. But how does that play politically? I think it’s the primary
reason, one of the primary reasons, the other was just pure cheating.
That was the super primary reason. But you can’t do that. You got
to use your head.

Donald Trump: (27:19) As you know the media is constantly asserted
the outrageous lie that there was no evidence of widespread fraud.
You ever see these people? “While there is no evidence of fraud…”
Oh, really? Well, I’m going to read you pages. I hope you don’t get
bored listening to it. Promise? Don’t get bored listening to it,
all those hundreds of thousands of people back there. Move them up,
please. Yeah. All these people don’t get bored. Don’t get angry at
me because you’re going to get bored because it’s so much. The
American people do not believe the corrupt fake news anymore. They
have ruined their reputation.

Donald Trump: (27:57) But it used to be that they’d argue with me,
I’d fight. So I’d fight, they’d fight. I’d fight, they’d fight.
Boop-boop. You’d believe me, you’d believe them. Somebody comes
out. They had their point of view, I had my point of view. But you’d
have an argument. Now what they do is they go silent. It’s called
suppression. And that’s what happens in a communist country. That’s
what they do. They suppress. You don’t fight with them anymore,
unless it’s a bad. They have a little bad story about me, they’ll
make it 10 times worse and it’s a major headline. But Hunter Biden,
they don’t talk about him. What happened to Hunter? Where’s Hunter?
Where is Hunter? They don’t talk about him.

Donald Trump: (28:34) Now watch all the sets will go off. Well,
they can’t do that because they get good ratings. The ratings are
too good. Now where is Hunter? And how come Joe was allowed to give
a billion dollars of money to get rid of the prosecutor in Ukraine?
How does that happen? I’d ask you that question. How does that
happen? Can you imagine if I said that? If I said that it would be
a whole different ball game. And how come Hunter gets three and a
half million dollars from the Mayor of Moscow’s wife, and gets
hundreds of thousands of dollars to sit on an energy board even
though he admits he has no knowledge of energy, and millions of
dollars up front, and how come they go into China and they leave
with billions of dollars to manage? “Have you managed money before?”
“No, I haven’t.” “Oh, that’s good. Here’s about 3 billion.”

Donald Trump: (29:29) No, they don’t talk about that. No, we have
a corrupt media. They’ve gone silent. They’ve gone dead. I now
realize how good it was if you go back 10 years. I realized how
good, even though I didn’t necessarily love him, I realized how
good it was like a cleansing motion. But we don’t have that anymore.
We don’t have a fair media anymore. It’s suppression and you have
to be very careful with that. And they’ve lost all credibility in
this country. We will not be intimidated into accepting the hoaxes
and the lies that we’ve been forced to believe over the past several
weeks. We’ve amassed overwhelming evidence about a fake election.
This is the presidential election. Last night was a little bit
better because of the fact that we had a lot of eyes watching one
specific state, but they cheated like hell anyway.

Donald Trump: (30:27) You have one of the dumbest governors in the
United States. And when I endorsed him, I didn’t know this guy. At
the request of David Perdue. He said, “A friend of mine is running
for Governor, what’s his name.” And you know the rest. He was in
fourth place, fifth place. I don’t know. He was way… He was doing
poorly. I endorsed him. He went like a rocket ship and he won. And
then I had to beat Stacey Abrams with this guy, Brian Kemp. I had
to beat Stacey Abrams and I had to beat Oprah, used to be a friend
of mine. I was on her last show. Her last week she picked the five
outstanding people. I don’t think she thinks that anymore. Once I
ran for president, I didn’t notice there were too many calls coming
in from Oprah. Believe it or not, she used to like me, but I was
one of the five outstanding people.

Donald Trump: (31:17) And I had a campaign against Michelle Obama
and Barack Hussein Obama against Stacey. And I had Brian Kemp, he
weighs 130 pounds. He said he played offensive line in football.
I’m trying to figure that. I’m still trying to figure that out. He
said that the other night, “I was an offensive lineman.” I’m saying,
“Really? That must’ve been a really small team.” But I look at that
and I look at what’s happened, and he turned out to be a disaster.
This stuff happens.

Donald Trump: (31:50) Look, I’m not happy with the Supreme Court.
They love to rule against me. I picked three people. I fought like
hell for them, one in particular I fought. They all said, “Sir, cut
him loose. He’s killing us.” The senators, very loyal senators.
They’re very loyal people. “Sir, cut him loose. He’s killing us,
sir. Cut him loose, sir.” I must’ve gotten half of the senators. I
said, “No, I can’t do that. It’s unfair to him. And it’s unfair to
the family. He didn’t do anything wrong. They’re made up stories.”
They were all made up stories. He didn’t do anything wrong. “Cut
him loose, sir.” I said, “No, I won’t do that.” We got him through.
And you know what? They couldn’t give a damn. They couldn’t give a
damn. Let them rule the right way, but it almost seems that they’re
all going out of their way to hurt all of us, and to hurt our
country. To hurt our country.

Donald Trump: (32:40) I read a story in one of the newspapers
recently how I control the three Supreme Court justices. I control
them. They’re puppets. I read it about Bill Barr, that he’s my
personal attorney. That he’ll do anything for me. And I said, “It
really is genius,” because what they do is that, and it makes it
really impossible for them to ever give you a victory, because all
of a sudden Bill Barr changed, if you hadn’t noticed. I like Bill
Barr, but he changed, because he didn’t want to be considered my
personal attorney. And the Supreme Court, they rule against me so
much. You know why? Because the story is I haven’t spoken to any
of them, any of them, since virtually they got in. But the story
is that they’re my puppet. That they’re puppets. And now that the
only way they can get out of that, because they hate that, it’s not
good on the social circuit. And the only way they get out is to
rule against Trump. So let’s rule against Trump, and they do that.
So I want to congratulate them.

Donald Trump: (33:41) But it shows you the media’s genius. In fact,
probably, if I was the media, I’d do it the same way. I hate to say
it. But we got to get them straightened out. Today, for the sake
of our democracy, for the sake of our Constitution, and for the
sake of our children, we lay out the case for the entire world to
hear. You want to hear it?

Crowd: (34:04) Yes!

Donald Trump: (34:06) In every single swing state, local officials,
state officials, almost all Democrats made illegal and unconstitutional
changes to election procedures without the mandated approvals by
the state legislatures, that these changes paved the way for fraud
on a scale never seen before. And I think we’d go a long way outside
of our country when I say that.

Donald Trump: (34:34) So just in a nutshell, you can’t make a change
on voting for a federal election unless the state legislature
approves it. No judge can do it. Nobody can do it, only a legislature.
So as an example in Pennsylvania or whatever, you have a Republican
legislature, you have a Democrat mayor, and you have a lot of
Democrats all over the place. They go to the legislature, the
legislature laughs at them. Says, “We’re not going to do that.”
They say, “Thank you very much.” And they go and make the changes
themselves. They do it anyway. And that’s totally illegal. That’s
totally illegal. You can’t do that.

Donald Trump: (35:13) In Pennsylvania, the Democrat Secretary of
State and the Democrat State Supreme Court justices illegally
abolished the signature verification requirements just 11 days prior
to the election. So think of what they did. No longer is there
signature verification. Oh, that’s okay. We want voter ID by the
way. But no longer is their signature verification, 11 days before
the election! They say, “We don’t want it.” You know why they don’t
want it? Because they want to cheat. That’s the only reason. Who
would even think of that? We don’t want to verify a signature? There
were over 205,000 more ballots counted in Pennsylvania. Now think
of this. You had 205,000 more ballots than you had voters. That
means you had 200… Where did they come from? You know where they
came from? Somebody’s imagination. Whatever they needed. So in
Pennsylvania you had 205,000 more votes than you had voters! And
it’s the number is actually much greater than that now. That was
as of a week ago. And this is a mathematical impossibility, unless
you want to say it’s a total fraud. So Pennsylvania was defrauded.

Donald Trump: (36:35) Over 8000 ballots in Pennsylvania were cast
by people whose names and dates of birth match individuals who died
in 2020 and prior to the election. Think of that. Dead people! Lots
of dead people, thousands. And some dead people actually requested
an application. That bothers me even more. Not only are they voting,
they want an application to vote. One of them was 29 years ago died.
It’s incredible.

Donald Trump: (37:05) Over 14,000 ballots were cast by out-of-state
voters. So these are voters that don’t live in the state. And by
the way, these numbers are what they call outcome determinative.
Meaning these numbers far surpass… I lost by a very little bit.
These numbers are massive. Massive. More than 10,000 votes in
Pennsylvania were illegally counted, even though they were received
after Election Day. In other words, “They were received after
Election Day, let’s count them anyway!” And what they did in many
cases is they did fraud. They took the date and they moved it back,
so that it no longer is after Election Day. And more than 60,000
ballots in Pennsylvania were reported received back. They got back
before they were ever supposedly mailed out. In other words, you
got the ballot back before you mailed it!

Donald Trump: (38:03) … they were supposedly mailed out, in other
words, you got the ballot back before you mailed it, which is also
logically and logistically impossible. Think of that one. You got
the ballot back. Let’s send the ballots. Oh, they’ve already been
sent. But we got the ballot back before they were sent. I don’t
think that’s too good.

Donald Trump: (38:23) Twenty-five thousand ballots in Pennsylvania
were requested by nursing home residents, all in a single giant
batch, not legal. Indicating an enormous illegal ballot harvesting
operation. You’re not allowed to do it. It’s against the law. The
day before the election, the State of Pennsylvania reported the
number of absentee ballots that had been sent out. Yet this number
was suddenly and drastically increased by 400,000 people. It was
increased. Nobody knows where it came from by 400,000 ballots. One
day after the election, it remains totally unexplained. They said,
“Well, we can’t figure that.” Now that’s many, many times what it
would take to overthrow the state. Just that one element. 400,000
ballots appeared from nowhere, right after the election.

Donald Trump: (39:16) By the way, Pennsylvania has now seen all of
this. They didn’t know because it was so quick. They had a vote,
they voted, but now they see all this stuff. It’s all come to light.
Doesn’t happen that fast. And they want to re certify their votes.
They want to re certify. But the only way that can happen is if
Mike Pence agrees to send it back.

Donald Trump: (39:43) Mike Pence has to agree to send it back. And
many people in Congress want it sent back, and take of what you’re
doing. Let’s say you don’t do it. Somebody says, “Well, we have to
obey the constitution.” And you are, because you’re protecting our
country and you’re protecting the constitution, so you are. But
think of what happens. Let’s say they’re stiffs and they’re stupid
people. And they say, “Well, we really have no choice.” Even though
Pennsylvania and other states want to redo their votes, they want
to see the numbers. They already have the numbers. Go very quickly
and they want to redo their legislature because many of these votes
were taken as I said, because it wasn’t approved by their legislature.
That in itself is illegal and then you have the scam and that’s all
of the things that we’re talking about. But think of this: if you
don’t do that, that means you will have a president of the United
States for four years, with his wonderful son.

Donald Trump: (40:50) You will have a president who lost all of
these states, or you will have a president to put it another way,
who was voted on by a bunch of stupid people who lost all of these
things. You will have an illegitimate president, that’s what you’ll
have. And we can’t let that happen. These are the facts that you
won’t hear from the fake news media. It’s all part of the suppression
effort. They don’t want to talk about it. They don’t want to talk
about it. In fact, when I started talking about that, I guarantee
you a lot of the television sets and a lot of those cameras went
off and that’s how a lot of cameras back there. But a lot of them
went off, but these are the things you don’t hear about. You don’t
hear what you just heard. And I’m going to go over a few more states.
But you don’t hear it by the people who want to deceive you and
demoralize you and control you, big tech, media.

Donald Trump: (41:48) Just like the suppression polls that said,
we’re going to lose Wisconsin by 17 points, well we won Wisconsin.
They don’t have it that way because they lose just by a little
sliver. But they had me down the day before Washington Post, ABC
poll, down 17 points. I called up a real pollster. I said, “What
is that?” “Sir, that’s called a suppression poll. I think you’re
going to win Wisconsin, sir.” I said, “But why do they make it four
or five points?” “Because then people vote. But when you’re down
17, they say, ‘Hey, I’m not going to waste my time. I love the
president, but there’s no way.'” Despite that, we won Wisconsin,
you’ll see. But that’s called suppression because a lot of people,
when they see that, it’s very interesting. This pollster said, “Sir,
if you’re down three, four or five people vote. When you go down
17, they say, ‘Let’s save, let’s go and have dinner, and let’s watch
the presidential defeat tonight on television darling.'”

Donald Trump: (42:49) And just like the radical left tries to
blacklist you on social media, every time I put out a tweet, even
if it’s totally correct, totally correct. I get a flag. I get a
flag. And they also don’t let you get out. On Twitter, it’s very
hard to come on to my account. It’s very hard to get out a message.
They don’t let the message get out nearly like they should, but
I’ve had many people say, “I can’t get on your Twitter.” I don’t
care about Twitter. Twitter is bad news. They’re all bad news. But
you know what? If you want to get out of message. And if you want
to go through big tech, social media, they are really, if you’re a
conservative, if you’re a Republican, if you have a big voice, I
guess they call it shadow ban. Shadow ban. They shadow ban you and
it should be illegal. I’ve been telling these Republicans get rid
of Section 230.

Donald Trump: (43:47) And for some reason, Mitch and the group,
they don’t want to put it in there. And they don’t realize that
that’s going to be the end of the Republican party as we know it,
but it’s never going to be the end of us, never. Let them get out.
Let the weak ones get out. This is a time for strength. They also
want to indoctrinate your children in school by teaching them things
that aren’t so. They want to indoctrinate your children. It’s all
part of the comprehensive assault on our democracy and the American
people to finally standing up and saying, “No.” This crowd is again
a testament to it. I did no advertising. I did nothing. You do have
some groups that are big supporters. I want to thank that Amy and
everybody, we have some incredible supporters, incredible, but we
didn’t do anything. This just happened.

Donald Trump: (44:39) Two months ago, we had a massive crowd come
down to Washington. I said, “What are they there for.” “Sir, they’re
there for you.” We have nothing to do with it. These groups, they’re
forming all over the United States. And we got to remember, in a
year from now, you’re going to start working on Congress. And we
got to get rid of the weak congresspeople, the ones that aren’t any
good, the Liz Cheneys of the world, we got to get rid of them. We
got to get rid of them. She never wants a soldier brought home.
I’ve brought a lot of our soldiers home. I don’t know, some like
it. They’re in countries that nobody even knows the name. Nobody
knows where they are. They’re dying. They’re great, but they’re
dying. They’re losing their arms, their legs, their face. I brought
them back home, largely back home, Afghanistan, Iraq. Remember I
used to say in the old days, “Don’t go into Iraq. But if you go in,
keep the oil.” We didn’t keep the oil. So stupid. So stupid, these
people. And Iraq has billions and billions of dollars now in the
bank. And what did we do? We get nothing. We never get. But we do
actually, we kept the oil here. We did good. We got rid of the ISIS
caliphate. We got rid of plenty of different things that everybody
knows and the rebuilding of our military in three years, people
said it couldn’t be done. And it was all made in the USA, all made
in the USA. Best equipment in the world. In Wisconsin, corrupt
Democrat run cities deployed more than 500 illegal unmanned, unsecured
drop boxes, which collected a minimum of 91,000 unlawful votes. It
was razor thin the loss. This one thing alone is much more than we
would need, but there are many things.

Donald Trump: (46:29) They have these lockboxes and they pick them
up and they disappear for two days. People would say, “Where’s that
box?” They disappeared. Nobody even knew where the hell it was. In
addition, over 170,000 absentee votes were counted in Wisconsin
without a valid absentee ballot application. So they had a vote,
but they had no application. And that’s illegal in Wisconsin. Meaning
those votes were blatantly done in opposition to state law. And
they came 100% from Democrat areas, such as Milwaukee and Madison,
100%. In Madison, 17,000 votes were deposited in so-called human
drop boxes. You know what that is, right? Where operatives stuff
thousands of unsecured ballots into duffel bags on park benches
across the city in complete defiance of cease and desist letters
from state legislature. The state legislature said, “Don’t do it.”
They’re the only ones that could approve it. They gave tens of
thousands of votes.

Donald Trump: (47:37) They came in in duffel bags. Where the hell
did they come from? According to eyewitness testimony, postal service
workers in Wisconsin were also instructed to illegally backdate
approximately 100,000 ballots. The margin of difference in Wisconsin
was less than 20,000 votes. Each one of these things alone wins us
the state. Great state, we love the state, we won the state. In
Georgia, your secretary of state, I can’t believe this guy’s a
Republican. He loves recording telephone conversations. I thought
it was a great conversation personally, so did a lot of other …
people love that conversation, because it says what’s going on.
These people are crooked. They’re 100% in my opinion, one of the
most corrupt. Between your governor and your secretary of state.
And now you have it again last night, just take a look at what
happened, what a mess and the Democrat party operatives entered
into an illegal and unconstitutional settlement agreement that
drastically weakened signature verification and other election
security procedures.

Donald Trump: (48:53) Stacey Abrams, she took them to lunch and I
beat her two years ago with a bad candidate, Brian Kemp. But the
Democrats, took the Republicans to lunch because the secretary of
state had no clue what the hell was happening, unless he did have
a clue. That’s interesting. Maybe he was with the other side, but
we’ve been trying to get verifications of signatures in Fulton
County. They won’t let us do it. The only reason they won’t is
because we’ll find things in the hundreds of thousands. Why wouldn’t
they let us verify signatures and Fulton County? Which is known for
being very corrupt. They won’t do it. They go to some other county
where you would live. I said, “That’s not the problem. The problem
is Fulton County.” Home of Stacey Abrams. She did a good job. I
congratulate her, but it was done in such a way that we can’t let
this stuff happen.

Donald Trump: (49:53) We won’t have a country of it happens. As a
result Georgia’s absentee ballot rejection rate was more than 10
times lower than previous levels, because the criteria was so off,
48 counties in Georgia with thousands and thousands of votes rejected
zero ballots. There wasn’t one ballot. In other words, in a year
in which more mail-in ballots were sent than ever before, and more
people were voting by mail for the first time, the rejection rate
was drastically lower than it had ever been before. The only way
this can be explained is if tens of thousands of illegitimate votes
were added to the tally, that’s the only way you could explain it.
By the way, you’re talking about tens of thousands. If Georgia had
merely rejected the same number of unlawful ballots, as in other
years, there should have been approximately 45,000 ballots rejected,
far more than what we needed to win, just over 11,000.

Donald Trump: (50:59) They should find those votes. They should
absolutely find that just over 11,000 votes, that’s all we need.
They defrauded us out of a win in Georgia, and we’re not going to
forget it. There’s only one reason the Democrats could possibly
want to eliminate signature matching, oppose voter ID and stop
citizenship confirmation. Are you in citizenship? You’re not allowed
to ask that question. Because they want to steal the election. The
radical left knows exactly what they’re doing. They’re ruthless and
it’s time that somebody did something about it. And Mike Pence, I
hope you’re going to stand up for the good of our constitution and
for the good of our country. And if you’re not, I’m going to be
very disappointed in you. I will tell you right now. I’m not hearing
good stories. In Fulton County, republican poll Watchers were
rejected in some cases, physically from the room under the false
pretense of a pipe burst.

Donald Trump: (52:03) Water main burst, everybody leave. Which we
now know was a total lie. Then election officials pull boxes,
Democrats and suitcases of ballots out from under a table. You all
saw it on television, totally fraudulent. And illegally scanned
them for nearly two hours totally unsupervised. Tens of thousands
of votes, as that coincided with a mysterious vote dump of up to
100,000 votes for Joe Biden, almost none for Trump. Oh, that sounds
fair. That was at 1:34 AM. The Georgia secretary of state and
pathetic governor of Georgia … although he says, I’m a great
president. I sort of maybe have to change. He said the other day,
“Yes, I disagree with president, but he’s been a great president.”
Oh, good. Thanks. Thank you very much. Because of him and others.
Brian Kemp, vote him the hell out of office, please.

Donald Trump: (53:05) Well, his rates are so low, his approval
rating now, I think it just reached a record low. They’ve rejected
five separate appeals for an independent and comprehensive audit
of signatures in Fulton County. Even without an audit, the number
of fraudulent ballots that we’ve identified across the state is
staggering. Over 10,300 ballots in Georgia were cast by individuals
whose names and dates of birth match Georgia residents who died in
2020 and prior to the election. More than 2,500 ballots were cast
by individuals whose names and dates of birth match incarcerated
felons in Georgia prison. People who are not allowed to vote. More
than 4,500 illegal ballots were cast by individuals who do not
appear on the state’s own voter rolls. Over 18,000 illegal ballots
were cast by individuals who registered to vote using an address
listed as vacant, according to the postal service. At least 88,000
ballots in Georgia were cast by people whose registrations were
illegally backdated.

Donald Trump: (54:18) Each one of these is far more than we need.
66,000 votes in Georgia were cast by individuals under the legal
voting age. And at least 15,000 ballots were cast by individuals
who moved out of the state prior to November 3rd election. They say
they moved right back. They move right back. Oh, they moved out.
They moved right back. Okay. They miss Georgia that much. I do. I
love Georgia, but it’s a corrupt system. Despite all of this, the
margin in Georgia is only 11,779 votes. Each and every one of these
issues is enough to give us a victory in Georgia, a big, beautiful
victory. Make no mistake, this selection stolen from you, from me
and from the country. And not a single swing state has conducted a
comprehensive audit to remove the illegal ballots. This should
absolutely occur in every single contestant state before the election
is certified.

Donald Trump: (55:21) In the State of Arizona, over 36,000 ballots
were illegally cast by non-citizens. 2000 ballots were returned
with no address. More than 22,000 ballots were returned before they
were ever supposedly mailed out. They returned, but we haven’t
mailed them yet. 11,600 more ballots and votes were counted more
than there were actual voters. You see that? So you have more votes
again than you have voters.

Donald Trump: (55:51) 150,000 people registered in Maya Copa County
after the registration deadline. 103,000 ballots in the county were
sent for electronic adjudication with no Republican observers. In
Clark County, Nevada, the accuracy settings on signature verification
machines were purposely lowered before they were used to count over
130,000 ballots. If you signed your name as Santa Claus, it would
go through. There were also more than 42,000 double votes in Nevada.
Over 150, 000 people were hurt so badly by what took place. And
1500 ballots were cast by individuals whose names and dates of birth
match Nevada residents who died in 2020, prior to November 3rd
election. More than 8,000 votes were cast by individuals who had
no address and probably didn’t live there. The margin in Nevada is
down at a very low number. Any of these things would have taken
care of the situation. We would have won-

Donald Trump: (57:03) Any of these things would have taken care of
the situation. We would have won Nevada also. Every one of these
we’re going over, we win. In Michigan quickly, the secretary of
state, a real great one, flooded the state with unsolicited mail-in
ballot applications, sent to every person on the rolls, in direct
violation of state law. More than 17,000 Michigan ballots were cast
by individuals whose names and dates of birth matched people who
were deceased. In Wayne County, that’s a great one. That’s Detroit.
174,000 ballots were counted without being tied to an actual
registered voter. Nobody knows where they came from. Also in Wayne
County, poll watches observed canvassers re-scanning batches of
ballots over and over again, up to three or four or five times. In
Detroit, turnout was 139% of registered voters. Think of that. So
you had 139% of the people in Detroit voting. This is in Michigan,
Detroit, Michigan.

Donald Trump: (58:08) A career employee of the Detroit, City of
Detroit, testified under penalty of perjury that she witnessed city
workers coaching voters to vote straight Democrat, while accompanying
them to watch who they voted for. When a Republican came in, they
wouldn’t talk to him. The same worker was instructed not to ask for
any voter ID and not to attempt to validate any signatures if they
were Democrats. She also told to illegally, and was told backdate
ballots received after the deadline and reports that thousands and
thousands of ballots were improperly backdated. That’s Michigan.
Four witnesses have testified under penalty of perjury that after
officials in Detroit announced the last votes had been counted,
tens of thousands of additional ballots arrived without required
envelopes. Every single one was for a Democrat. I got no votes.

Donald Trump: (59:10) At 6:31 AM, in the early morning hours after
voting had ended, Michigan suddenly reported 147,000 votes. An
astounding 94% went to Joe Biden, who campaigned brilliantly from
his basement. Only a couple of percentage points went to Trump.
Such gigantic and one-sided vote dumps were only observed in a few
swing states and they were observed in the states where it was
necessary. You know what’s interesting, President Obama beat Biden
in every state other than the swing states where Biden killed him.
But the swing States were the ones that mattered. There were always
just enough to push Joe Biden barely into the lead. We were ahead
by a lot and within the number of hours we were losing by a little.

Donald Trump: (01:00:03) In addition, there is the highly troubling
matter of Dominion voting systems. In one Michigan County alone,
6,000 votes were switched from Trump to Biden and the same systems
are used in the majority of states in our country. Senator William
Ligon, a great gentleman, chairman of Georgia Senate Judiciary
Subcommittee, Senator Ligon, highly respected on elections has
written a letter describing his concerns with Dominion in Georgia.

Donald Trump: (01:00:40) He wrote, and I quote, “The Dominion voting
machines employed in Fulton County had an astronomical and astounding
93.67% error rate.” It’s only wrong 93% of the time. “In the scanning
of ballots requiring a review panel to adjudicate or determine the
voter’s interest, in over 106,000 ballots out of a total of 113,000.”
Think of it, you go in and you vote and then they tell people who
you’re supposed to be voting for. They make up whatever they want.
Nobody’s ever even heard. They adjudicate your vote. They say,
“Well, we don’t think Trump wants to vote for Trump. We think he
wants to vote for Biden. Put it down for Biden.” The national average
for such an error rate is far less than 1% and yet you’re at 93%.
” The source of this astronomical error rate must be identified to
determine if these machines were set up or destroyed to allow for
a third party to disregard the actual ballot cast by the registered
voter.”

Donald Trump: (01:01:44) The letter continues, “There is clear
evidence that tens of thousands of votes were switched from President
Trump to former Vice President Biden in several counties in Georgia.
For example, in Bibb County, President Trump was reported to have
29, 391 votes at 9:11 PM Eastern time. While simultaneously Vice
President Joe Biden was reported to have 17,213. Minutes later,
just minutes, at the next update, these vote numbers switched with
President Trump going way down to 17,000 and Biden going way up to
29,391.” And that was very quick, a 12,000 vote switch, all in Mr.
Biden’s favor.

Donald Trump: (01:02:31) So, I mean, I could go on and on about
this fraud that took place in every state and all of these legislatures
want this back. I don’t want to do it to you because I love you and
it’s freezing out here, but I could just go on forever. I can tell
you this…

Speaker 1: (01:02:52) We love you. We love you. We love you. We
love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you.

Donald Trump: (01:03:03) So when you hear, when you hear, “While
there is no evidence to prove any wrongdoing,” this is the most
fraudulent thing anybody’s… This is a criminal enterprise. This is
a criminal enterprise and the press will say, and I’m sure they
won’t put any of that on there because that’s no good, do you ever
see, “While there is no evidence to back President Trump’s assertion,”
I could go on for another hour reading this stuff to you and telling
you about it. There’s never been anything like it. Think about it,
Detroit had more votes than it had voters. Pennsylvania had 205,000
more votes than it had more, but you don’t have to go any… Between
that, I think that’s almost better than dead people, if you think,
right? More votes than they had voters, and many other States are
also.

Donald Trump: (01:03:56) It’s a disgrace that the United States of
America, tens of millions of people are allowed to go vote without
so much as even showing identification. In no state is there any
question or effort made to verify the identity, citizenship,
residency, or eligibility of the votes cast. The Republicans have
to get tougher. You’re not going to have a Republican party if you
don’t get tougher. They want to play so straight, they want to play
so, “Sir, yes, the United States, the constitution doesn’t allow
me to send them back to the States.” Well, I say, “Yes, it does
because the constitution says you have to protect our country and
you have to protect our constitution and you can’t vote on fraud,”
and fraud breaks up everything, doesn’t it? When you catch somebody
in a fraud, you’re allowed to go by very different rules. So I hope
Mike has the courage to do what he has to do. And I hope he doesn’t
listen to the RINOs and the stupid people that he’s listening to.
It is also widely understood that the voter rolls are crammed full
of non-citizens, felons and people who have moved out of state and
individuals who are otherwise ineligible to vote. Yet Democrats
oppose every effort to clean up their voter rolls. They don’t want
to clean them up, they are loaded. And how many people here know
other people that when the hundreds of thousands and then millions
of ballots got sent out, got three, four, five, six, and I heard
one who got seven ballots. And then they say, “You didn’t quite
make it, sir.” We won. We won in a landslide. This was a landslide.

Donald Trump: (01:05:43) They said, “It’s not American to challenge
the election.” This is the most corrupt election in the history,
maybe of the world. You know, you could go third world countries,
but I don’t think they had hundreds of thousands of votes and they
don’t have voters for them. I mean, no matter where you go, nobody
would think this. In fact, it’s so egregious, it’s so bad, that a
lot of people don’t even believe it. It’s so crazy that people don’t
even believe it. It can’t be true. So they don’t believe it. This
is not just a matter of domestic politics, this is a matter of
national security. So today, in addition to challenging the
certification of the election, I’m calling on Congress and the state
legislatures to quickly pass sweeping election reforms, and you
better do it before we have no country left. Today is not the end.
It’s just the beginning.

Donald Trump: (01:06:37) With your help over the last four years,
we built the greatest political movement in the history of our
country and nobody even challenges that. I say that over and over,
and I never get challenged by the fake news, and they challenge
almost everything we say. But our fight against the big donors, big
media, big tech and others is just getting started. This is the
greatest in history. There’s never been a movement like that. You
look back there all the way to the Washington Monument. It’s hard
to believe. We must stop the steal and then we must ensure that
such outrageous election fraud never happens again, can never be
allowed to happen again, but we’re going forward. We’ll take care
of going forward. We got to take care of going back. Don’t let them
talk, “Okay, well we promise,” I’ve had a lot of people, “Sir,
you’re at 96% for four years.” I said, “I’m not interested right
now. I’m interested in right there.”

Donald Trump: (01:07:33) With your help we will finally pass powerful
requirements for voter ID. You need an ID to cash your check. You
need an ID to go to a bank, to buy alcohol, to drive a car. Every
person should need to show an ID in order to cast your most important
thing, a vote. We will also require proof of American citizenship
in order to vote in American elections. We just had a good victory
in court on that one, actually. We will ban ballot harvesting and
prohibit the use of unsecured drop boxes to commit rampant fraud.
These drop boxes are fraudulent. There for, they get… They disappear
and then all of a sudden they show up. It’s fraudulent. We will
stop the practice of universal, unsolicited mail-in balloting. We
will clean up the voter rolls that ensure that every single person
who cast a vote is a citizen of our country, a resident of the state
in which they vote and their vote is cast in a lawful and honest
manner. We will restore the vital civic tradition of in-person
voting on election day so that voters can be fully informed when
they make their choice. We will finally hold big tech accountable
and if these people had courage and guts, they would get rid of
Section 230, something that no other company, no other person in
America, in the world, has.

Donald Trump: (01:09:10) All of these tech monopolies are going to
abuse their power and interfere in our elections and it has to be
stopped and the Republicans have to get a lot tougher and so should
the Democrats. They should be regulated, investigated and brought
to justice under the fullest extent of the law. They’re totally
breaking the law. Together we will drain the Washington swamp and
we will clean up the corruption in our nation’s capital. We have
done a big job on it, but you think it’s easy, it’s a dirty business.
It’s a dirty business. You have a lot of bad people out there.
Despite everything we’ve been through, looking out all over this
country and seeing fantastic crowds, although this I think is our
all time record. I think you have 250, 000 people. 250,000.

Donald Trump: (01:10:05) Looking out at all the amazing patriots
here today, I have never been more confident in our nation’s future.
Well, I have to say we have to be a little bit careful. That’s a
nice statement, but we have to be a little careful with that
statement. If we allow this group of people to illegally take over
our country, because it’s illegal when the votes are illegal, when
the way they got there is illegal, when the States that vote are
given false and fraudulent information. We are the greatest country
on earth and we are headed, and were headed, in the right direction.
You know, the wall is built, we’re doing record numbers at the wall.
Now they want to take down the wall. Let’s let everyone flow in.
Let’s let everybody flow in.

Donald Trump: (01:10:52) We did a great job in the wall. Remember
the wall? They said it could never be done. One of the largest
infrastructure projects we’ve ever had in this country and it’s had
a tremendous impact and we got rid of catch and release, we got rid
of all of the stuff that we had to live with. But now the caravans,
they think Biden’s getting in, the caravans are forming again. They
want to come in again and rip off our country. Can’t let it happen.
As this enormous crowd shows, we have truth and justice on our side.
We have a deep and enduring love for America in our hearts. We love
our country. We have overwhelming pride in this great country, and
we have it deep in our souls. Together we are determined to defend
and preserve government of the people, by the people and for the
people.

Donald Trump: (01:11:44) Our brightest days are before us, our
greatest achievements still wait. I think one of our great achievements
will be election security because nobody until I came along, had
any idea how corrupt our elections were. And again, most people
would stand there at 9:00 in the evening and say, “I want to thank
you very much,” and they go off to some other life, but I said,
“Something’s wrong here. Something’s really wrong. Can’t have
happened.” And we fight. We fight like Hell and if you don’t fight
like Hell, you’re not going to have a country anymore.

Donald Trump: (01:12:21) Our exciting adventures and boldest endeavors
have not yet begun. My fellow Americans for our movement, for our
children and for our beloved country and I say this, despite all
that’s happened, the best is yet to come.

Donald Trump: (01:12:43) So we’re going to, we’re going to walk
down Pennsylvania Avenue, I love Pennsylvania Avenue, and we’re
going to the Capitol and we’re going to try and give… The Democrats
are hopeless. They’re never voting for anything, not even one vote.
But we’re going to try and give our Republicans, the weak ones,
because the strong ones don’t need any of our help, we’re going to
try and give them the kind of pride and boldness that they need to
take back our country.

Donald Trump: (01:13:19) So let’s walk down Pennsylvania Avenue. I
want to thank you all. God bless you and God bless America. Thank
you all for being here, this is incredible. Thank you very much.
Thank you.
